Efficient-Responsive
====================

Numerical experiments for the paper "The Effect of Competition on the Efficient–Responsive Choice"

    Repository:     Efficient-Responsive
    Author:         Tong WANG
    Email:          tong.wang@nus.edu.sg
    Version:        v2.0 (originally written in 2009, reorganised and published on 2013-04-17)
    Copyright:      absolutely free (In case you find the code helpful in any sense and do not know how to express your appreciation, cite our paper below :)
    Description:
                    This repository hosts codes for the numerical experiments conducted in the paper "The Effect of Competition on the Efficient–Responsive Choice."

                    <Efficient-Responsive/src> folder hosts the C++ code for the four models developed in the paper and its e-companion: .

                    <Efficient-Responsive/output> folder hosts the raw output data files generated by the C++ codes, the R scripts for cleaning, organizing, summarising, and plotting these data, and the final output (in the format of Tables and Figures) published in the paper.


Reference
=========

    Paper title:    "The Effect of Competition on the Efficient–Responsive Choice"
    Authors:        Tong Wang, Douglas Thomas and Nils Rudi
    Year:           2013
    Journal:        Production and Operations Management
    Volume:         Forthcoming
    Number:
    Page:
    Journal link:   
    BibTeX:
    Further resources (such as the original paper in PDF format, its e-companion, and presentation slides) are available at http://bschool.nus.edu/staff/bizwt/research.html.


Instructions
============

    The C++ codes are re-written using the new C++11 standard library. In order to compile them, you will need:
        (1). An update-to-date C++ compiler (GNU GCC 4.7 or Intel C++ Compiler 13.0) supporting C++11.
        (2). Compile by command: "g++ -std=c++11 -O3 -o Efficient-Responsive-Single.exe Efficient-Responsive-Single.cpp".

    The R scripts require a working R environment (http://www.r-project.org/). The scripts are only tested on R version 2.15, but should be running smoothly on newer versions. The scripts do not require extra R packages.


